docs: update drizzle, rls, data api (#3867)
neondatabase/website: content/docs/data-api/get-started.md

> You can start using the Data API immediately without authentication, but make sure you set up auth and RLS before going to production.

> To ensure your application works correctly with both authenticated and anonymous users, run the following SQL statements to grant the necessary permissions to the `authenticated` and `anonymous` roles. This setup allows you to control access for logged-in users (authenticated) and users who are not logged in (anonymous).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make sure your application works correctly with both authenticated and anonymous users, run the following SQL statements to grant the necessary permissions to the `authenticated` and `anonymous` roles. This setup lets you control access for both **logged-in** users (authenticated) and users who are **not logged in** (anonymous).
```

<Admonition type="important">

> The following `GRANT` statements only assign table privileges to the `authenticated` and `anonymous` roles. You must still define appropriate Row-Level Security (RLS) policies for each table to control what actions these roles can perform, according to your application's requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These `GRANT` statements only give table privileges to the `authenticated` and `anonymous` roles. You still need to set up Row-Level Security (RLS) policies for each table to control exactly what actions each role can perform. Match these policies to your application's requirements.
```

      to: authenticatedRole,
      for: 'insert',
      withCheck: authUid(table.userId),
    }),
    pgPolicy('Allow authenticated users to update their own posts', {
      to: authenticatedRole,
      for: 'update',
      using: authUid(table.userId),
      withCheck: authUid(table.userId),
    }),
    pgPolicy('Allow authenticated users to delete their own posts', {
      to: authenticatedRole,
      for: 'delete',
      using: authUid(table.userId),
    }),
  ]
);
```

</CodeTabs>

With the `posts` table and its RLS policies in place, you can now securely query and modify posts using the Data API. These policies ensure that only authorized users can create, update, or delete their own posts, while anyone can read public content as intended.

<Admonition type="important" title="Schema changes">
If you make changes to your database schema, you must notify the PostgREST server to reload the schema so your updates are recognized by the Data API. To do this, run the following SQL command:

```sql
NOTIFY pgrst, 'reload schema';
```

This ensures the Data API reflects your latest schema changes.
</Admonition>

#### Insert example posts

```sql

> INSERT INTO posts (id, userId, content, published) VALUES

Reviewer: Listed 4 columns but only 3 values. Also need quotes on "userId" since Postgres lowercases unquoted names.
